# Face_sketch_constructor_and_identity_attestation
In this modern epoch, crimes are rising at an alarming rate, which stands up as a significant challenge for governments to cope with. Speeding up the process of identifying and putting the criminal behind the bars is something that will accelerate the trust of the common layman in justice. To aid the law enforcement department to speed up the process of the first and foremost step of identification of the culprit, this project can be proven as a boon for the same. In this current date, technology has made everything way easier than it used to be. We are living in the hotbed of progress, where merging human intelligence and technology has made us witness things that we have never imagined. Face sketch constructor and identity attestation, a web application that would help in the face recognition method. Face sketches have played an important role, as the person who witnessed the whole accident has seen the criminals, which can help the police to tell the facial traits of the offender. Bygone are the days, in which waiting for the artist's arrival and the time it takes to draw adds more to the waiting time. This application will offer the pick and drop services for facial expressions from the side panel which would contain almost all kinds of features, and within a few minutes, we can get our sketch ready. In the past, there were technologies that were used but accuracy posses as the biggest limitation. Our application would not only be used in making the facial sketches but also would provide assistance in retrieving the identity of the questioned from the database which would be maintained and can have aadhaar cards as their identities. Moreover, on the completion of this project, we would even have a feature that would allow the law enforcement team to upload a previous hand-drawn sketch in order to use the platform to identify and recognize the suspect using the efficient deep learning algorithms and cloud infrastructure which will be provided by the application.

Here's the link for complete code of my project along with the working implemetation (screen recordings) and the published research paper:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vjYCmQGvBKyTIS3dlmoGdCxDFClmww34
